README.md, before:

# Hello LoremIpsumBundle!

LoremIpsumBundle is a way for you to generate "fake text" into
your Symfony application, but with *just* a little bit more joy
than your normal lorem ipsum.

Install the package with:

```console
composer require knpuniversity/lorem-ipsum-bundle --dev
```

And... that's it! If you're *not* using Symfony Flex, you'll also
need to enable the `KnpU\LoremIpsumBundle\KnpULoremIpsumBundle`
in your `AppKernel.php` file.

## Usage

This bundle provides a single service for generating fake text, which
you can autowire by using the `KnpUIpsum` type-hint:

```php
// src/Controller/SomeController.php

use KnpU\LoremIpsumBundle\KnpUIpsum;
// ...

class SomeController
{
    public function index(KnpUIpsum $knpUIpsum)
    {
        $fakeText = $knpUIpsum->getParagraphs();

        // ...
    }
}
```

You can also access this service directly using the id
`knpu_lorem_ipsum.knpu_ipsum`.

## Configuration

A few parts of the generated text can be configured directly by
creating a new `config/packages/knpu_lorem_ipsum.yaml` file. The
default values are:

```yaml
# config/packages/knpu_lorem_ipsum.yaml
knpu_lorem_ipsum:

    # Whether or not you believe in unicorns
    unicorns_are_real:    true

    # How much do you like sunshine?
    min_sunshine:         3
```

## Extending the Word List

If you're feeling *especially* creative and excited, you can add 
your *own* words to the word generator!

To do that, create a class that implements `WordProviderInterface`:

```php
namespace App\Service;

use KnpU\LoremIpsumBundle\WordProviderInterface;

class CustomWordProvider implements WordProviderInterface
{
    public function getWordList(): array
    {
        return ['beach'];
    }
}
```

And... that's it! If you're using the standard service configuration,
your new class will automatically be registered as a service and used
by the system. If you are not, you will need to register this class
as a service and tag it with `knpu_ipsum_word_provider`.

## Contributing

Of course, open source is fueled by everyone's ability to give just a little bit
of their time for the greater good. If you'd like to see a feature or add some of
your *own* happy words, awesome! Tou can request it - but creating a pull request
is an even better way to get things done.

Either way, please feel comfortable submitting issues or pull requests: all contributions
and questions are warmly appreciated :).

Commit message:

Add a warning about not using in real apps

README.md, after:

> WARNING: This bundle is an example bundle created in https://symfonycasts.com/screencast/symfony-bundle
> and is not meant to be used as a dependency in a real application! 

# Hello LoremIpsumBundle!

LoremIpsumBundle is a way for you to generate "fake text" into
your Symfony application, but with *just* a little bit more joy
than your normal lorem ipsum.

Install the package with:

```console
composer require knpuniversity/lorem-ipsum-bundle --dev
```

And... that's it! If you're *not* using Symfony Flex, you'll also
need to enable the `KnpU\LoremIpsumBundle\KnpULoremIpsumBundle`
in your `AppKernel.php` file.

## Usage

This bundle provides a single service for generating fake text, which
you can autowire by using the `KnpUIpsum` type-hint:

```php
// src/Controller/SomeController.php

use KnpU\LoremIpsumBundle\KnpUIpsum;
// ...

class SomeController
{
    public function index(KnpUIpsum $knpUIpsum)
    {
        $fakeText = $knpUIpsum->getParagraphs();

        // ...
    }
}
```

You can also access this service directly using the id
`knpu_lorem_ipsum.knpu_ipsum`.

## Configuration

A few parts of the generated text can be configured directly by
creating a new `config/packages/knpu_lorem_ipsum.yaml` file. The
default values are:

```yaml
# config/packages/knpu_lorem_ipsum.yaml
knpu_lorem_ipsum:

    # Whether or not you believe in unicorns
    unicorns_are_real:    true

    # How much do you like sunshine?
    min_sunshine:         3
```

## Extending the Word List

If you're feeling *especially* creative and excited, you can add 
your *own* words to the word generator!

To do that, create a class that implements `WordProviderInterface`:

```php
namespace App\Service;

use KnpU\LoremIpsumBundle\WordProviderInterface;

class CustomWordProvider implements WordProviderInterface
{
    public function getWordList(): array
    {
        return ['beach'];
    }
}
```

And... that's it! If you're using the standard service configuration,
your new class will automatically be registered as a service and used
by the system. If you are not, you will need to register this class
as a service and tag it with `knpu_ipsum_word_provider`.

## Contributing

Of course, open source is fueled by everyone's ability to give just a little bit
of their time for the greater good. If you'd like to see a feature or add some of
your *own* happy words, awesome! Tou can request it - but creating a pull request
is an even better way to get things done.

Either way, please feel comfortable submitting issues or pull requests: all contributions
and questions are warmly appreciated :).
